## FOR RETAIL INVESTORS

# Funds

### Proprietary trading strategies

### Powered by ioBots, iob crypto derivative funds have been performing well in both bull and bear markets.

## DAO-MANAGED SMART CONTRACT

# Defy Fund

#### Token:

Token Contract address:

#### Smart contract as a fund

Created and managed by a separate DAO. Assets are held by the DAO smart contract that also execute the trading on various exchanges.

#### FI token staking reward

Defy fund investors receive iob.fi governance token, FI on a regular distribution schecule.

#### Trading cryptos and synthetic derivatives

By adding trading in uncorrelated stocks, commodities and indices, our overall performances are expected to be further enhanced.

#### DEFY

0xjfdioo8797676oklks990.....................

iob Defy is a one of the first DeFi actively managed fund pools on DEXes. The DEFY token is a "product token" of the Defy fund. Its transparency is governed by a DAO.

The DEFY token is provides an open auditable record of fund inflows and outflows, and is connected to various DEXs pools.

It fundamentally changes the traditional fund structure, from fund raising to accounting, reporting and auditing. No 3rd-party custodian and transfer agent required.

# Help you achieve consistency

#### The #1 secret to be a winning trader

Consistency. But most traders fail to achieve it.

#### Clear objective

Wealth growth starts with a clear objective and an action plan. Simply stating "making lots of money" is neither. Same as running a successful business, trading strategies and setups are only meaningful with a clearly defined objective.

#### Expected max drawdown

The key to keeping what you've earned.

#### Market Types awareness

Trading methods and strategies are not one size fits all. iob.fi identifies five market types in any given market on any given day through a prorietary trading algorithm.

#### Strategies determined by Market Types

Very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish and very bearish market types calls for different trading strategies.

#### Stable growth fund

Seeking consistent growth with a small max draw down.

#Quasar Fund

13.49% 1-year return while testing the new trading bots, ioBots. Real-world production results could have been better without intentional test orders. *

Signals generated by the same ioBots have achieved a 151.68% total return if each signal is fully invested with $10,000.

#### A real-time dev environment

We have used Quasar fund to develop a brand new trading system beyond simulations from the ground up. Many trading signals were divided into many small orders to test various limits of the system. This resulted in less-than-optimal results but that was the purpose of the Quasar.

#### A real-money track record

Talk is cheap. Real money trading with an evolving system hardens the fragility of many systems have.

#### Stable growth fund

Achieved consistant growth with a small max draw down even with exprimental system testing orders.

#### IN A NUTSHELL

# You have access to cryptos, stocks and other asset classes to achieve the long-term growth.

* Please remember that past performance may not be indicative of future results.